Rak Grimlok

Half-Orc Fighter

Level 1

Age 18

 

Eyes grey

Hair black. Wears in long pony tail

Complexion: Fair.

 

Height 6’ 4”

Weight 235 pounds

 

Abilities:

Strength 18

Dexterity 15

Constitution 16

Intelligence 8

Wisdom 10

Charisma 9

 

Background:

Mother was a prostitute who died of syphilis when the boys were very young;
 father, a solider who never returned from the wars. Older brother,
Tul, is now away with the army.

 

As kids, Tul and Rak often had to fend for themselves on the mean streets of Chasmgorve,
 eking out an existence with their wits, guile and sometimes brute strength.
 Consequently, Rak and his brother tend to make their own rules
 and are slow to trust others. But they are intensely loyal to those
 who gain their confidence, and Rak prefers to let others do his thinking.

 

Tul is much more charismatic than Rak and was the clear leader of the two,
 also being the elder by two years. He also made most of the decisions,
 although Rak is capable of caring for himself.
 Rak never had any book learning and cannot read.
 He is embarrassed by that.
 But he survived the streets, so he does have a healthy dose of common sense.
 However, in stressful situations, Rak’s survival instincts kick in,
 so if he doesn’t have orders to follow, his actions can be random.

 

Rak’s father figure is a tavern owner named Glum Redmane
, a half-Orc and former soldier. Glum, who owns the popular Headless Dwarf,
 caught Rak and Tul stealing food and ale when they were boys, about eight years ago.
 After savagely beating them, even breaking Rak’s nose
, Glum forced them to work off the food they had stolen.

 

Having no kids of his own, Glum eventually took to the boys,
 and they to him. He admired Tul’s charm and Rak’s pluck,
 so he continued to give them odd jobs and allowed them to sleep in the stable.

 

The boys grew up around the tavern, sweeping spilled ale and vomit,
 cleaning tables, tending bar, bouncing unruly customers.
 In fact, Rak’s nose has been broken three additional times in tavern brawls
. The injuries suffered by offending guests were usually more severe.
 Rak has a modest collection of broken teeth and one finger that he keeps in a small pouch.

 

Rak’s nose has never been properly set and as a result, Rak is ashamed of his looks.
 He also bears a jagged scar, a gash from a broken bottle received during a barroom brawl.
 With his bare hands, Rak killed the Half-Orc who cut him.
 He spent the past year in a labor camp for that crime, and now he’s anxious
 to get on with his life and perhaps follow his brother off to war.

 

Glum Redmane, the tavern owner, is a former soldier.
 He trained both boys to fight with a bastard sword, dagger,
 battle axe and long bow, as well as, of course, bar stools
, bottles, chairs and clubs.